nixos/nginx: add recommended brotli settings (#188002)
NixOS/nixpkgs: nixos/doc/manual/release-notes/rl-2305.section.md

- A new `virtualisation.rosetta` module was added to allow running `x86_64` binaries through [Rosetta](https://developer.apple.com/documentation/apple-silicon/about-the-rosetta-translation-environment) inside virtualised NixOS guests on Apple silicon. This feature works by default with the [UTM](https://docs.getutm.app/) virtualisation [package](https://search.nixos.org/packages?channel=unstable&show=utm&from=0&size=1&sort=relevance&type=packages&query=utm).

> - A new parameter `recommendedBrotliSettings` has been added to `service.nginx`. Learn more about compression in Brotli format [here](https://github.com/google/ngx_brotli/blob/master/README.md)
>   To activate parameter need to build nginx with brotli module. For example:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- A new option `recommendedBrotliSettings` has been added to `service.nginx`. Learn more about compression in Brotli format [here](https://github.com/google/ngx_brotli/blob/master/README.md).
  To activate this option, you need to build nginx with the brotli module. For example:
```

Author: Fixed.
